Add documentation for HIPSYCL_TARGETS. (#547)
AdaptiveCpp/AdaptiveCpp: doc/using-hipsycl.md

# Using hipSYCL in projects
It is recommended to use the CMake integration for larger projects.

## Compiling with syclcc
`syclcc` is the compilation driver used by hipSYCL to build the final compiler invocations.

> After installing hipSYCL, it can be used as a standalone tool to manually build single files or integrated in other build systems than CMake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing hipSYCL, it can be used as a standalone tool to manually build source files similarly to regular compilers, or it can be integrated in build systems other than CMake.
```
(It can also compile multiple files, not just single files - unless you are in explicit multipass. Also some style suggestions :) )

> Exemplary, building the nbody example while targeting CPU and CUDA backends could be done using `syclcc bruteforce_nbody.cpp -O3 --hipsycl-targets="omp;cuda:sm_61"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, compiling a SYCL source `example.cpp` to an executable, while targeting CPU and CUDA backends, is possible using `syclcc -o example example.cpp -O3 --hipsycl-targets="omp;cuda:sm_61"`.
```
not sure if that example is really the best thing to point people to, as it is not routinely tested, and is still very SYCL 1.2.1-ish

> Following is the full excerpt from `syclcc --help`. Note the options can also be set via environment variables or corresponding CMake options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full excerpt from `syclcc --help` follows below. Note the options can also be set via environment variables or corresponding CMake options. Default values can be set in `/hipsycl/install/path/etc/hipSYCL/syclcc.json`.
```
Maybe we should go more into detail with the cmake options in the future. I'm not sure all `syclcc` options are exposed.

--hipsycl-explicit-multipass
  [can also be set by setting environment variable HIPSYCL_EXPLICIT_MULTIPASS to any value other than false|off|0 ]
  [default value provided by field 'default-is-explicit-multipass' in /install/path//etc/hipSYCL/syclcc.json.]
  [current value: NOT SET]
  If set, executes device passes as separate compiler invocation and lets hipSYCL control embedding device
  images into the host binary. This allows targeting multiple backends simultaneously that might otherwise be
  incompatible. In this mode, source code level interoperability may not be supported in the host pass.
  For example, you cannot use the CUDA kernel launch syntax[i.e. kernel <<< ... >>> (...)] in this mode. 

--hipsycl-save-temps
  [can also be set by setting environment variable HIPSYCL_SAVE_TEMPS to any value other than false|off|0 ]
  [default value provided by field 'default-save-temps' in /install/path//etc/hipSYCL/syclcc.json.]
  [current value: NOT SET]
  If set, do not delete temporary files created during compilation.

Any other options will be forwarded to the compiler.

Note: Command line arguments take precedence over environment variables.
```

## Using the CMake integration

> Setting a project using the hipSYCL CMake integration is quite straight forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting up a project using the hipSYCL CMake integration is quite straight forward.
```
